e-damer-q-and-a.md, before:

# ❓ E-DAMER Q\&A

### 01、What is E-DAMER NFT?

E-DAMER is issued by The Remade and is a NFT that creates a pair of customized shoes every 90 days. During each 90 days cycle for which the NFT is held, a RNFT is produced and is redeemable for an actual physical pair of sneakers. The transaction is permanent. Purchasers can participate in the social networking as well as the manufacturing process of the shoe itself.

### 02、What is RNFT?

RNFT is a new NFT exchange protocol designed by RE:DREAMER Lab, actualizing the original Saas service of the corresponding Web3. In other words, this is an exchangeable NFT (much like a token in an online store, which picture can either be a shoe lace or shoe box) and when E-DAMER is confirmed to have been held for 90 days it will automatically airdrop RNFT to the wallet (polygon chain) and will be able to redeem the specific shoe model for that season (based on online store availability). Purchaser can also withhold and accumulate multiple RNFTs in exchange for special shoe models or even trade on OS to increase the chance of obtaining these special models.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/FRqVROSakAAeywe.jpg" alt=""><figcaption><p>E-DAMER 運作方式</p></figcaption></figure>

### 03、How are shoes redeemed? Do they come in different sizes?

Purchasers can select different sizes when redeeming shoes with RNFT at the online store.

### 04、What kind of shoe model can be redeemed for each 90 days cycle?

Prior to airdrop, redeemable shoe model for that season will be announced for a limited time period. The total amount for said model alone for that season will be approximately 500 pairs. It could be 500 pairs per model or 200 something pairs per two models. Special co-branding shoe models will also be announced and available for redemption with 3 to 5 RNFTs. The rarer the shoe model, the more valuable the Holder’s RNFT. Only E-DAMER is capable of creating RNFTs in exchange of these shoe models. For non-E-DAMER holders, as long as the holder has enough RNFTs, they will not be limited to the number of shoes that are redeemable for that season, thereby increasing fluidity and value of secondary markets because of the rareness of RNFTs.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/03.jpg" alt=""><figcaption><p>The first season (06/24 ~ 9/21) redeem shoes</p></figcaption></figure>

### 05、How do purchasers earn RNFTs?

There will be at most 500 RNFTs per every 90 days cycle. The channel for earning RNFTs will be through E-DAMER because only E-DAMER’s NFTs are able to produce RNFTs. There is no other way through which RNFTs can be produced. Moreover, only when the purchaser participates in the points game of the social network, “Discord” and accumulates a total of 10,000 points is the purchaser allowed to redeem RNFTs and use these to exchange for products on the online store. The Remade confirms that RNFTs given by the social network are actually selected from those 500 RNFTs and then airdropped (meaning those held by the project owner are given back to the social network).

### 06、What social network activities are there?

At present, the Discord community has a point activity. Previously, a Mother's Day creation competition and a sticker creation award were held. The Mother's Day creation competition allowed community members to create together with the theme of Mother's Day to create shoes that they want to send to their mothers. E-DAMER will also discover designs from it, and maybe one day its own designs may be redeemed as physical sneakers in the mall with RNFT. The sticker creation award is to create stickers that match the community, so that members can use E-DAMER's stickers to promote when they go to other communities.&#x20;

Recently, it has continued to conduct joint AMAs with other well-known projects, and has contacted more people from different countries, so that the community will have more and different development in the future.

### 07、How do purchasers participate in the shoe manufacturing process?

E-DAMER usually shares the design/shoe making process and shoes created with various inspirations. At the same time, the current first season decided the AF1 shoe type during the AMA process. Most people in the theme part want to be dominated by TOMMY, and TOMMY proposed a summer color scheme and produced several pairs of different styles of shoes for community holders to decide together.&#x20;

The shoes of Elysium, RE:DREAMER, etc. made before are in the process of creative thinking, and I hope everyone can give ideas or suggestions.

### 08、Would unlimited RNFTs cause imbalance in demand and supply?

Since the number of shoes produced per season is approximately about 500 pairs, it could either be 500 pairs per model or 200 or so pairs per two models. Purchasers might worry that the excess number of RNFTs produced every 90 days would cause imbalance in demand and supply, however, after the first pair of shoe was introduced, E-DAMER will just keep on being transferred. The number of times RNFT is derived from E-DAMER is far less than us Diamond Hands and can thus control the number of RNFTs, allowing early-stage holders to maintain their rights.

### 09、How many times can a purchaser redeem shoes with RNFT?

It can only be redeemed once, and the RNFT will be burned after the redemption is completed.

### 10、Are there any practical means of promotion?

E-DAMER flew to New York in mid-June to lead the team to NFT NYC to promote and be a speaker, and brought the first pair of shoes and E-DAMER to the international market. Recently, there have also been recorded Podcast program promotion projects such as "寶博朋友說" and "NFT輕鬆聊". In September, the founder will go to NFT LONDON as a speaker to promote E-DAMER. After the end, he will participate in fashion weeks and other events in Europe and continue to promote it.

### 11、When will Gen2 be promoted?

The current plan for Gen2 is to wait until after the first wave of airdrop is complete. We will fulfill our promise first and proceed later with Gen2 3D shoes.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-9: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

e-damer-q-and-a.md, after:

# ❓ E-DAMER Q\&A

### 01、What is E-DAMER NFT?

E-DAMER is an NFT issued by The Remade project. Holding E-DAMER for 90 days generates an RNFT, which can be redeemed for customized physical sneakers or other goods, and is valid indefinitely. NFT holders can also participate in Discord community interactions and the shoe customization process.

### 02、What is RNFT?

RNFT is a new NFT exchange protocol designed by RE:DREAMER Lab, actualizing the original Saas service of the corresponding Web3. In other words, this is an exchangeable NFT (much like a token in an online store, which picture can either be a shoe lace or shoe box) and when E-DAMER is confirmed to have been held for 90 days it will automatically airdrop RNFT to the wallet (polygon chain) and will be able to redeem the specific shoe model for that season (based on online store availability). Purchaser can also withhold and accumulate multiple RNFTs in exchange for special shoe models or even trade on OS to increase the chance of obtaining these special models.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/FRqVROSakAAeywe.jpg" alt=""><figcaption><p>How E-DAMER works</p></figcaption></figure>

### 03、How are shoes redeemed? Do they come in different sizes?

Purchasers can select different sizes when redeeming shoes with RNFT at the online store.

### 04、What types of shoes can RNFT be redeemed for?

Before redemption, the available shoe models and redemption period will be announced. Each shoe model has a limited quantity, which could be 500 pairs of one style or 200 pairs of two different styles, and there may be special collaborations that require 2 or more RNFTs for redemption. As rarer shoe models are announced, the value of RNFTs held by their owners will increase. Only E-DAMER can generate RNFTs for the redemption of these shoes, but even non-E-DAMER holders can redeem shoes as long as they have enough RNFTs. The scarcity of RNFTs is leveraged to increase liquidity and value in the secondary market. In the future, more types of products will be offered for redemption, so stay tuned.

<figure><img src=".gitbook/assets/03.jpg" alt=""><figcaption><p>The first season (06/24 ~ 9/21) redeem shoes</p></figcaption></figure>

### 05、How do purchasers earn RNFTs?

There will be at most 500 RNFTs per every 90 days cycle. The channel for earning RNFTs will be through E-DAMER because only E-DAMER’s NFTs are able to produce RNFTs. There is no other way through which RNFTs can be produced. Moreover, only when the purchaser participates in the points game of the social network, “Discord” and accumulates a total of 10,000 points is the purchaser allowed to redeem RNFTs and use these to exchange for products on the online store. The Remade confirms that RNFTs given by the social network are actually selected from those 500 RNFTs and then airdropped (meaning those held by the project owner are given back to the social network).

### 06、What social network activities are there?

At present, the Discord community has a point activity. Previously, a Mother's Day creation competition and a sticker creation award were held. The Mother's Day creation competition allowed community members to create together with the theme of Mother's Day to create shoes that they want to send to their mothers. E-DAMER will also discover designs from it, and maybe one day its own designs may be redeemed as physical sneakers in the mall with RNFT. The sticker creation award is to create stickers that match the community, so that members can use E-DAMER's stickers to promote when they go to other communities.&#x20;

Recently, it has continued to conduct joint AMAs with other well-known projects, and has contacted more people from different countries, so that the community will have more and different development in the future.

### 07、How do purchasers participate in the shoe manufacturing process?

E-DAMER usually shares the design/shoe making process and shoes created with various inspirations. At the same time, the current first season decided the AF1 shoe type during the AMA process. Most people in the theme part want to be dominated by TOMMY, and TOMMY proposed a summer color scheme and produced several pairs of different styles of shoes for community holders to decide together.&#x20;

The shoes of Elysium, RE:DREAMER, etc. made before are in the process of creative thinking, and I hope everyone can give ideas or suggestions.

### 08、Would unlimited RNFTs cause imbalance in demand and supply?

Since the number of shoes produced per season is approximately about 500 pairs, it could either be 500 pairs per model or 200 or so pairs per two models. Purchasers might worry that the excess number of RNFTs produced every 90 days would cause imbalance in demand and supply, however, after the first pair of shoe was introduced, E-DAMER will just keep on being transferred. The number of times RNFT is derived from E-DAMER is far less than us Diamond Hands and can thus control the number of RNFTs, allowing early-stage holders to maintain their rights.

### 09、How many times can a purchaser redeem shoes with RNFT?

It can only be redeemed once, and the RNFT will be burned after the redemption is completed.

### 10、Are there any practical means of promotion?

E-DAMER flew to New York in mid-June to lead the team to NFT NYC to promote and be a speaker, and brought the first pair of shoes and E-DAMER to the international market. Recently, there have also been recorded Podcast program promotion projects such as "寶博朋友說" and "NFT輕鬆聊". In September, the founder will go to NFT LONDON as a speaker to promote E-DAMER. After the end, he will participate in fashion weeks and other events in Europe and continue to promote it.
